wp-env: Add custom port numbers to .wp-env.json (#20158)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/README.md

}
```

#### Custom Port Numbers

> A custom port number so that your installation ports do not conflict with other wp-env instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tell `wp-env` to use a custom port number so that your instance does not conflict with other `wp-env` instances.
```
